Elder wait a minute
What is this kid holding back?
Even if medicine works
Recovering power in such a short time
It's just not possible.
senior brother
How do you master the ambition of others and make yourself powerful?
Junior sister, I'm just telling the truth
A bowl of medicine wants to restore utilitarianism
3-Year-olds don't believe it
strike first
No wonder the old man attacked
How is that possible?
In such a short time, he actually regained his strength
Meet the ancestors
Oh, Xiao Yingfeng, what are you doing here?
I'm not stupid
You have prompted this one.
Hahaha, I'll change you to come late at night.
There is a way to help you recover your skills
Are you serious?
Hmph, don't be too happy
Could it be that this is the legendary softness overcoming rigidity?
Static braking
Ah!
This kid has sucked up the old man's internal force.